VeXXaN Digital/Analog Control Adapter
----

```
              __  ____  __ __   _    __
    /\   /\___\ \/ /\ \/ /__ \ / \  /_/ 
    \ \ / / _ \\  /  \  // _  / ^ \     
  __ \ V /  __//  \  /  \\___/ / \ \    
 /_/  \_/ \___/_/\_\/_/\_\   \/   \/   

```


|     Item       |   Value    |   Comment
| -------------: | ---------- | ----------------
|    Vendor code | 0x621CAF3A | VeXXaN Performance Peripherals
|      Device ID | 0x31E1DACA | Digital/Analog Control Adapter 
|    Device type | 0x31E1     | Human Interface Device, Game Controller, Can Generate Interrupts
|        Version | 0x0001     | Version 1

Device Description

VeXXaN Performance Peripherals(tm) is proud to announce the only control adapter you will ever need!  With the ability to connect up to 4(!) 8-bit joysticks* and 16 buttons using a standard DB25 connection, the days of direct attached game controllers ARE! IN! THE! PAST!  I personally guarantee that you will find more uses for this adapter than you ever thought possible! Remote control vehicles? Done! Arcade Machines? Sure! Spacecraft controls? You Betcha!**  Order within the next 5 Minutes and we'll throw in our patented No-Slip rubberized joystick base and a full set of our low-travel digital buttons! (just pay seperate processing and handling)*** And, Best of all, If you're not 100,000% satisfied with your brand new DACA, simply return it for a full refund.****

\*The DACA supports 4 single axis joysticks, 2 2-axis joysticks, or 1 3-axis joystick and 1 single axis joystick.
\*\*VeXXaN Performance Peripherals(tm) does in no way certify our Digital/Analog Control Adapter for use in spacecraft control.  VeXXaN Performance Peripherals(tm) will not be held liable for such uses.
\*\*\*Offer not available in the greater megallenic cloud.
\*\*\*\*Just pay return processing and handling.


Interrupt Commands
----
On Interrupt, Register A holds a command

- **0x0000**: Poll Device
 
 - Loads the state of the device into registers A, B, and C in the following format:
    - A:[Axis 0][Axis 1]
    - B:[Axis 2][Axis 3]	
    - C:[button 15 - 1 ]

- **0x0001**: Poll Analog

  - Loads the state of the analog ports into registers A and B in the following format:
    - A:[Axis 0][Axis 1]
    - B:[Axis 2][Axis 3]


- **0x0002**: Poll Digital 

  - Loads the state of the digital ports into register C in the following format:

    - C:[ Button 15-1  ]

- **0x0003**: Enable Interrupts

  - Enable interrupts on the device. Interrupt message is set to B.

Behaviours
----
When interrupts are enabled, the device will interrupt on any button press.  Changes in the state of any of the analog ports will not trigger an interrupt (To prevent large amounts of interrupts being generated by low quality hardware).  The analog axis will give an unsigned value betwen 0x01 and 0xFE.  Self centering joysticks will hover around 0x7F.  If any port is empty it will report 0x00.  Buttons are active-high and will report 1 when pressed, 0 otherwise.
